Tanvir Kaur Sandhu

In this lab, we created a role-playing game in which there were items to be picked up, an inventory to be kept track of, 4 directions you could go to if there is an exit there, and different room versions based on the items in the inventory. We did this by using the hexadecimals provided in between the lines and utilizing new operations like fread(), fseek(), fopen(), and fclose(). We read files that were outside of the coding files and could use and print that information for the lab. The new functions and using them was the most important and time-consuming part of this lab, and I believe the lab manual agrees with me.

I read the lab manual before beginning the lab, but it wasn't all that helpful this time around. The lab manual was very vague and, unless you already knew what you were doing, not useful at all. I had to go back and look at it after I was almost done with the lab in order to apply any of the information that was given. I had an error where the fseek would not seek no matter what and this issue is the ONLY reason I'm turning this lab in late, because it took several hours to fix and the TA's could not help me either. They had no idea how to fix it and neither did I. After hours of debugging, I finally go past this issue but was left with the whole rest of the lab to code. If I were to do this lab again, I would just wish to have fixed that issue a lot faster and turned this lab in on time.

The lab ended up pretty rewarding. It's a decent game, but cool to know that I coded it. I spent a full three days on this lab, constantly working with small breaks in between. The lab manual was definitely the worst one of the quarter: ot very informative or helpful. The hardest part was defiitely learning how to use the new functions and getting them to the right spot in the file. After going to a lab and learning that we can open a hex editor and see exactly where we were in the file and debug, I started working a lot faster because it was SO MUCH easier to understand what was happening. The grade distribution seems fine.  
